Update DaemonSet deletion documentation (#16235)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset.md

fields to be updated.  Also, the DaemonSet controller will use the original template the next
time a node (even with the same name) is created.

You can delete a DaemonSet.  If you specify `--cascade=false` with `kubectl`, then the Pods
will be left on the nodes.  If you subsequently create a new DaemonSet with the same selector,

> the existing pods will be adopted by the new DaemonSet and replaced according to its `updateStrategy`.

Reviewer: How about this wording (possible with different wrapping)?
```suggestion
the new DaemonSet adopts the existing pods. If any Pods need replacing, the DaemonSet replaces those Pods according to its `updateStrategy`.
```

Author: :+1: Done.

> In Kubernetes version 1.6 and later, you can [perform a rolling update](/docs/tasks/manage-daemon/update-daemon-set/) on a DaemonSet.

Reviewer: This is also a bit dated!

```suggestion
You can [perform a rolling update](/docs/tasks/manage-daemon/update-daemon-set/) on a DaemonSet.
```
